So what you can see here is a layout of the chatbot window.
Basically, we have four major items.
The first item is the chatbot app,
which basically encapsulates the main method of the program
in WX widgets which we are using as a graphical user interface,
you don't have a main method.
This is encapsulated in
an internal simulation loop and what the framework gives you is access
to the program itself which is already running in a loop which holds for keyboard events,
mouse events, which refresh the graphics and so on and so forth.
I do not want to spend so much time on telling you how WX widgets works.
So WX widgets is one among many different ways of creating
a graphical user interface for your C++ program
and you don't have to learn anything about it in this course,
we will focus on memory management.
This is why we are giving you the chatbot
including the graphical user interface as is and you of
course may look into it but I won't go into
many of the details surrounding this framework.
What I want to say is we have the chatbot app which encapsulates main,
we have a chatbot frame which represents the anti window which is
refreshed every couple of milliseconds to redraw the content and inside chatbot frame,
there are two items.
The first is the chatbot panel dialogue which is the inner red frame here,
the inner red rectangle,
and below the rectangle there's a text box where the user can
entry his questions he wants to ask to the chatbot.
This is both encapsulated in chatbot frame.
The upper item here which is also inside chatbot frame is called chatbot panel
dialogue and this basically manages the onset of the chatbot and your answers.
So every time you enter something here,
it will appear as the yellow box inside
the chatbot panel dialogue and one such item here.
For example this one here,
which is denoted with a text fourth answer.
This is a chatbot panel dialogue item.
You don't have to look into all those classes,
the entire logic surrounding the chatbot is completely encapsulated in a member variable
which is called chat logic and this basically is
the messaging interface between user and chatbot.
You can see all the arrows going away from the chat logic,
this one here as well and one coming back to chat logic.
What's missing here will come on the next slide.
This is how the program which you have to concentrate on is going to work.
So let's move on and have a look.